java cASSESSMENT 3 BRIEF Subject Code and Title ISE102 Introduction to Software Engineering Assessment Audio-Visual Presentation Video of the Final Software Solution Individual/Group Group Length 5 to7-minute presentation and relevant supporting elements Learning Outcomes The Subject Learning Outcomes demonstrated by successful completion of the task below include: a)          Identify user requirements in computer-driven software applications. b) Devise software specification using a standardised modelling language based on technical and resource requirements. c)          Apply software programming methodologies including object-oriented programming (OOP) paradigms to build software solutions. d)       Test and validate software solutions that satisfy project requirements. e) Communicate the software solution to both technical and non-technical audiences. Submission Due by 11:55 pm AEST/AEDT. Wednesday of week 12 Weighting 35% Total Marks 100 marks 
Assessment Task 
In this assessment, your group will demonstrate your   understanding   of object-oriented   designprinciples   using a standardised   modelling   language.   In Assessment 2, your group   had solved   a business case study.   In Assessment 3, your group will be   extending the   solution with   added features.   In addition, you will complete the object-oriented   design   of the   business   application   using   unified modelling   language   (UML). Your group will   be   required to demonstrate the extended   programming   features and object-oriented design   in a   5 to   7-minute   recorded   audio-visual   presentation   video. 
Assessment 3 extends the work of Assessment 2.
Please   refer to the Task   Instructions for details on   how to complete this task.
Context 
A computer application solves   real-world problems.   However,   before the application   is   released to   the client,   it   is   important to ensure the code   works for   all   different   types   of   inputs   and   generates correct output and terminates safely and   without   errors.
In Assessment 2, your group   had completed coding for an application   by   applying   object-oriented   programming to solve the   business case   project. The   programming structures   included object-oriented   principles, such as classes and constructors,   in   addition   to   conditionals,   nested   loops,   functions and concepts of   modular   design. 
In this assessment, you will demonstrate your group’s   understanding   by describing   and justifying your code choices and   recording   it   in an audio-visual   presentation   that   is   5-   to   7-   minutes   in   length.   You will   be   required to explain your code   by executing it.   As   testing   and validating   of the   code   is   an   important   measure to ensure the code   is fee of   bugs   and   errors, you   will   be   required   to   run   test cases   by   providing valid and   invalid   inputs to the   program.
Note: This   is   not a   PowerPoint slide   presentation;   instead, this   is an audio-visual   recording of the   demonstration of a   programming   product.
Refer to these   instructions on   how to   record and submit videos from   this   link   on Submitting 
Assessments. Your   Learning   Facilitator will also describe to you the methods /tools to   record a video   demonstration.
Task Instructions The following tasks must   be completed as   part of this   assessment. It   is   recommended that   each   group   member   present a different   part of your group’s final   software   solution to   ensure   equal participation   in the audio-v代 写ISE102 Introduction to Software Engineering ASSESSMENT 3R
代做程序编程语言isual   presentation.
1. Create a 5 to 7-minute audiovisual presentation video of the Assessment 2 code with added features 
a)          Introduction:   Record your group   members and yourself   in the video.   Each   group   member   should   introduce themselves   by stating their   name and Torrens’ student   ID   and   show   their   student   card   (if   issued) at the   beginning of the   recording.
b)       Summarise the problem   solved   using the   programming   product.
c)          Explain the code choices   used   to   solve   the   case   project.   Note:   uncomment   your   code   before   recording the audio-visual   presentation video.
d)       Select any two   classes   and explain the working and   returns   of the   selected   classes.
e)          Highlight at   least one or   more features your   group   has   implemented   as   part   of Assessment   3; the extended features that were   not   present   in the Assessment 2 submission.   For example, you   may   have added a   new function or changed   your   implementation   using   inheritance.
f)             Run and   record at   least 5 testcases with valid and   invalid   inputs.   For example,   for   an   expected   character or string   input, what   happens   if an   integer value   is   used?   How   does the   code   handle   this   instance, and will   it terminate gracefully?   (You   may   require enhancing your case   project solution to   handle such   instances).
2. Object-oriented design of the business application using modelling language 
In Assessment 2, your group   had solved a   business case   problem   using OOP   knowledge   you   had   learnt   in   Modules 5 to   8.
In   Modules 9 to   12, you   have   learnt a   modelling   language   (UML) for object-oriented   design.   In this assessment, you will use that   knowledge to develop the   use case diagram   and   class   diagrams for the   business case study   provided as   part of Assessment   2. The   use   case   diagram   needs   to   address the user   requirements and the class diagrams   must demonstrate   how   the   OOD   is   applied   in   your   software solution. 
Please   refer to the Assessment   Rubric for the assessment criteria.
Submission Instructions 
Final Submission   by: 11:55pm AEST/AEDT on the last day (Sunday) of Module 12.
Submit your audio-visual   presentation video via the Assessment 3 linkin the   main navigation menu   in the ISE102 Introduction to Software Engineering Blackboard   portal.   Only   one   group   member should submit the final   project to the   Learning   Facilitator.
Note: This assessment   builds on top of Assessment   2.   For Assessment   2, your   Learning   Facilitator had   provided you the   base code and worked through   part of it   in   class.   It   is   critical   that you   attend   or   watch class streams and work along.   Keep track   of   Blackboard   announcements/emails   and   reach   out   to your   Learning   Facilitator with questions or   issues well   before the final   due   date. 
Feedback will   be   provided via the Grade Centre   in the   LMS   portal and can   be viewed   in   My Grades.
Before you submit your assessment,   please ensure you   have   read   and   understand the   conditions   outlined   in the Academic Integrity Code Handbook.   If you are   unsure about   anything   in the Handbook,   please   reach   out to your   Learning   Facilitator.
Please note that ad-hoc   university tech support for external apps   and   platforms   is   not   available.

         
加QQ：99515681  WX：codinghelp  Email: 99515681@qq.com
